# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.

The same tools and ideas used to complete this assignment can also be used to compile data for a field of study. The basic layout of information on flipping cards in a website format can be used by historians and history students to visually present pieces of information. This layout can be used to compile data from a research project, organizing the data so that each card has information about a specific part of the research. So, instead of including a personal profile and a picture (as was required for this assignment), the researchers would input their information and upload any necessary photos. For example, each record could hold the information about a specific historical source being examined for the research. So, others in the field of study would then be able to access the website to see the information gathered from the research in visually clear and organized layout. The information or data added to each card could be used as references for future research projects or as a study guide for students who are learning the content of the research. 

## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 

The researcher holds the responsibility to properly and ethically use the information provided by the participants. For each of the sections in the personal profile, there is an option to indicate if the participant would like to keep the information or picture private, and the researcher must be responsible for guaranteeing that the information or pictures that are meant to be private remain private and are not published publicly on the website. This requires the researcher to make sure the code is working properly and that external sources are not able to access the code. While the end product of the project does not belong to the participants, the participants do have the right to keep some of their information private, and they should have the right to make any information private at a later time if they wish. The issue of rights becomes more important if the participants are inputting more important information. 

## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

When being used for compiling historical research data, this layout can be applied to the specifics of the information. The fields required would be each of the discrete units of information required to organize and analyze the findings. Each record would have a name or title field, indicating the historical source. The other fields would be for specific categories of historical information: a field for the date, a field for the location, and a field for the origin. The most important field would be a findings field, detailing the relevance of the information from the specific historical source to the research project. The limitation of this data structure for compiling historical research is that the quantity of information that the researchers input cannot exceed the visual constraints of the website. In other words, the quantity of information must be reduced to fit the scale of the flipping cards, and possibly reduce the quality and detail of the research. So, this use would be excellent for visually examining the concise records of research to compile and compare historical sources, but would not be the ideal structure for historical projects that require larger amounts of information about fewer sources.
